Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): So I'm Li Wei and I'm currently working on a software requirements project. So the title is about a ride sharing and parking system. The goal of this interview is to gather your thoughts on how the system should work and what details matter to you as a user. So can you introduce yourself before we start the interview?

Interviewee: My name is Ng Zai Kit and I'm a student of MMU.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Okay, so there's the question. You are the riders (role of this system), because you don't have car right?

Interviewee: Yes.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Okay, so first question. When requesting a ride, what details do you expect to see before confirming?

Interviewee: I think I will need to know the picture of the drivers and how many seats they have and did they have any other customer. The most important is the price.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Ah, the price. Would you feel comfortable getting into a car with someone you don't know if they are verified by the university system?

Interviewee: It's okay for me because I think it is verified by the university and I think it will be safe.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Alright, so would you like the system to allow recurring ride bookings?

Interviewee: Yeah, because it's more convenient for us to booking a car like one day before and you don't have to book at the...time so rush.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): So when booking a ride, would you prefer to choose the driver manually or let the system automatically match one for you based on location and destination and why?

Interviewee: Yeah it have to be automatically because like, if I choose it (manually), it waste my time and lot of thing to do if automatically can do all the things for me, is will be the best.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Alright. So if you could rate the review each ride experience, would you actually use the feature? 

Interviewee: Not for writing but I will give the starring rating.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Okay. So would you use a feature where your friends can see your live location during the ride?

Interviewee: Yeah, I think it's okay for me because if my friend can see my location I think it's more safety if I have anything happen my friend can know in the first time (instanly).

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Alright so the continual question is about the parking system. So what do you expect when viewing the parking availability like real time count and map location?

Interviewee: Yeah it's a great feature because it's more convenient for other people to finding parking if there are no parking in that spot, so the person don't have to find it so hard.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Okay, does it help if the app could suggest the best parking lot based on your destination?

Interviewee: Yeah. If the features is like this, it is a good features because now I don't see any apps got this kind of features. So I think it's a good try. 

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Would you prefer to view claim parking spots along with the name or plate number of the person who claimed it? Why or why not?

Interviewee: I wouldn't recommend this because it's some privacy issues. For me, I think we just need to know about the plate number is okay. If we know about the person name or other details, I think it's not very good like this.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): If there was a report illegitimate parking feature with photo upload, would you use it? Why or why not?

Interviewee: Yes, I will use it because for me, I really hate other people parking illegally and I think this is a better way to let other people know about the properly parking is very important.

Teh Li Wei (Interviewer): Okay, thank you for the interview.
